and welcome batching my girls to see my
hair 21 my youtube channel okay so for
this video I would like to discuss the
top 5 mistakes that black women make
when growing long hair ok so I want to
get into up what I believe is the top 5
major mistakes that our black women are
making when they're trying to grab their
hair
ok so let's dive into it now number 1
using too many different products now I
understand when you're trying to find
the perfect product or products that
work right for your hair and once you do
you stick with that product or those
products but there are some of us who
you know who are just plain product
junkies and we know we're out there so
basically being a product junkie means
that even if we find something that
works for us you know we're still on the
hunt for other products and I mean why
once you find the product that works
just right for your hair stick with it
now personally I use my own line of
machine my hair growth products because
that is what works for me but sometimes
I get some ladies who asked me you know
what products I use and when I tell them
you know I just use my products machine
my hair products which is my oil my
cream my shampoo with my leave-in
conditioner for you know and then when
they hear that you know they're like
waiting for me to say oh yes and I also
use this prior you see also use that
product and this higher in that product
you know you're those like they can't
believe that for simple products my she
my oil sheen my hair line cream she my
hair repair shampoo she my hair
rebellion conditioner was all I used to
grow my hair to the booty length levels
that it is today well I will say that my
product plus protective styling gentle
handling trimming bad ends and sleeping
with myself scrubs every single night
also you know Haley had in helping me
achieve my booty length you know
achievements but those are the
techniques that went along with using my
for simple products so the bottom line
is dis ladies you know once you find
what works for you
stick with it let's stop being product
junkies because that's not good for our
hair and our you know in our hair growth
journeys now number two not using
protective styling I can't stress enough
how very very very important protective
styling is ladies it literally goes hand
in hand with achieving the greatest hair
growth you can achieve trust me on this
a simple hair bun you know it's a
protective style ladies a simple French
braid it's a protective style ladies
simple individual braids is up or take
the style ladies okay and for our
natural ladies two strand twists is a
protective style basically any style
that keeps the ends of our hair tucked
in is a protective style okay so you
protect the styling along with your
sheet Marling and you will see just how
much faster you get to your hair length
goals now number three cutting our
healthy ends now let me get into this
because this is very crucial because
once the hair is cut there is no going
back you have to wait for the new growth
to kick in again so cutting healthy ends
hinders your hair growth results the
rule of thumb is to trim you know our
ends once every four to six weeks you
know you know what you can do you know
you can dust off your ends but since we
have so much hair you know there's
always going to be ants that did get
damaged with the majority of your answer
that damage there's no basically there's
no need to trim them okay but you know I
do recommend you at least dust off your
ends you know just look for Bad ends you
know take your time make time in the day
for for your hair to be able to do this
ladies okay take your time and dust off
unhealthy ends now again it doesn't need
to be in a perfect straight line you
know a perfect straight trim now if you
are a newbie yes I do recommend that you
get into the habit of learning how to
trim your ends you know that once every
four to six weeks because you're a
newbie you're going to get into the
habit of learning that that's
conditioning youth to you know to learn
how to trim your own hair okay now I
made a video about that you know learn
how to trim your own hair ladies the
quickest way that we can lose our
in less than five seconds is through
this not detangling first before styling
and or washing your hair is a recipe for
a hair disaster
simply put ladies you are not really
styling or washing your hair if you
didn't detangle it first you're
basically just fighting with your hair
fighting with and you know this is the
major reason why we always see that
enormous amount of you know healthy hair
on our hair combs you know because we
didn't detangle your hair before we
began to style it or wash it so
basically what we're having here ladies
it's not a hair problem but a time
problem we have to take our time and
gently detangle your hair with our
fingers first then we use the hair comb
starting from the ends on up you know
the bottom one up from ends to roots
first and then we can proceed to style
and wash our hair and finally number
five and this has to do with my own
personal hair product which is mishima
hair repair shampoo now I need to
discuss this because if you're not doing
it correctly you're not getting the best
benefits out of mishima hair repair
shampoo so applying mishima hair repair
shampoo to dripping wet hair is a big
no-no and I discussed this you know in
the previous video already okay we apply
it to the hair when it is dry so
remember that machinery pet shampoo
sulfate free this means is not going to
strip your hair of its moisture okay
like most shampoos
do that you know contain sulfate it's a
sulfate free shampoo and is you know
created to infuse moisture repair and
renew your hair and body and shine okay
but you have to apply correctly to get
all these benefits okay so yes let me
speak on this because I am aware that it
is going to take some time you know for
some of my females to get used to
applying you know their shampoos to
their hair when it is not wet and this
is big
well we have been conditioned in order
to apply shampoos to hair that is
already wet you know because the over
the country shampoo that's all we do you
know we hop in the shower here's already
wet we get the shampoo and we apply it
to the hair when it's wet but when you
have my srimad hair products in your
hands ladies you must follow the
directions that's instructed if you want
to get the most and the best benefits
from using my products all right so when
I instruct you you know to apply my
shampoo to your hair when it is dry then
that's exactly what you must do apply my
shampoo to dry hair and well Chima gross
that does it for the top 5 mistakes that
black women make when trying to grow
long hair so I hope you learned a lot
and I hope you know you take this advice
to heart and apply it to your own
personal sheet my hair growth journey at
home so again I wish you the best of
luck in your shipment hair of journeys
and I'll see you very soon bye